For this homework you write TwoEc (in file TwoEC.java), a class which
computes the 2-edge-connected components of a given undirected Graph.
Our TwoEC API is similar to the book CC example.  You should read the
comments in TwoEC.java, since they outline the main requirements and
technical steps.

For now this is a "bluej-free" homework, it is designed to be done
from the command line (edit with your favorite editor, but compile
and test via the command line).

You may still use bluej (or some other IDE) if you like, to edit,
compile, and invoke the Driver test methods.  But you will need a
terminal on a lab machine (or something with "make") to compare your
output to the expected output.

To get started, you first need to make your personal copy of the hw3
files.  On a lab machine, you may do the following:

   cd ~cs323000/share/hw3
   make copy
   cd ~/cs323/hw3

Those commands copy the files to your ~/cs323/hw3 directory, and then
set ~/cs323/hw3/ as your current directory.

Once you are in your own directory, the Makefile defines some
useful commands.  Use just "make" to list them:

% make
The Makefile defines the following actions:
 make help      --- print this help (default action)
 make copy      --- make your initial personal copy of these files
 make compile   --- recompile if needed
 make run1      --- run Driver on run1.txt
 make run2      --- run Driver on run2.txt
 make run3      --- run Driver on run3.txt
 make run4      --- run Driver on run4.txt
 make movies    --- run Driver on movies.txt (a large input)
 make turnin    --- turn in your work
 make clean     --- remove less important files
%


In each test, we invoke the Driver on an input file (some *.txt).  The
Driver exercises your TwoCC class on that Graph, we capture its
output, and we compare that to the expected output (*-exp.txt).

Note the Driver reads graphs in SymbolGraph format, so each vertex
appears as a name (a String) rather than a number in the input.



TECHNICAL NOTE: the file book.jar contains compiled versions of most
of the classes defined in share/book/, and we use several of them (in
particular Graph, SymbolGraph, StdOut) in this project.  Our Makefile
already tells java and javac to look in book.jar for classes.  But if
you want to compile/run this homework as a project inside some IDE,
you will need to add book.jar to the project "classpath".
